Preflight requests are not forwarded to services (#8923)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/http/headers.md

### CORS Headers

CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) headers can be added and configured in a manner similar to the custom headers above.

> This functionality allows for more advanced security features to quickly be set. If CORS headers are set, then the middleware does not pass preflight requests to any services, instead the response will be generated and will be send back to the user directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality allows for more advanced security features to quickly be set.
If CORS headers are set, then the middleware does not pass preflight requests to any services,
instead the response will be generated and sent back to the client directly.
```

CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) headers can be added and configured in a manner similar to the custom headers above.
This functionality allows for more advanced security features to quickly be set.

> If CORS headers are set, then the middleware does not pass preflight requests to any services,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CORS headers are set, then the middleware does not pass preflight requests to any service,
```
